Right
This one suits your skin tone better
Huh? What’s my skin tone like?
Could it be Qín Ruò Yǔ’s affair?
This Qín Fēng is really pathetic
Getting cheated on and not even knowing
Oh, right
I’ve figured out how to get the video back
Found it
Young Master Qín
Drinking alone, feeling down?
Want me to join you
And check out something interesting?
Get lost
Don’t you want to know
What Qín Ruò Yǔ is up to
Right now?
Young Master Qín
I really feel it’s unfair for you
You sacrificed so much
For Qín Ruò Yǔ
Even gave up
The Qín family inheritance
And she turns around
And cheats on you
I’m telling you
This Qín Ruò Yǔ
Just loves to act high and mighty
Young Master Qín
You absolutely
Can’t forgive her